All right.
So now that we have the installation done, we're pretty good to go right now.
And we can now start writing the code for interacting with our local large language model using this
long chain library.
So for doing that I'm gonna put a markdown over here.
And I'm going to say, um, the first thing is going to be interacting with LM, and I'm going to hit
okay.
And I'm going to start writing the code.
So this notebook is going to be very, very helpful for you to read through all the operations that
we are doing, uh, from this particular section until the end of the particular section, so that you
can have a full record of what is really happening in this particular notebook itself, which is going
to be very, very helpful for you to even recall, like how that I am going to perform all these operations.
So this notebook is quite useful, especially if you're going to be working or learning from the scratch
for the long chain.
As I said, I'm going to start working with the long chain olama.
So you see that the moment I start typing the from and then l a n, then it's going to show me all the
libraries which is available within my, uh, environment, which is the virtual environment that I
have installed, the long chain olama, remember.
So it's just coming up over here and then I'm going to say import, and I'm going to import a class
called as chat Olama.
So this is the class which is required for us to perform the chatting operation with the, with the
olama running within my local machine, which is this guy you remember.
So I'm going to do that.
Uh, so I'm going to create a variable called as LM and I'm going to say chat Olama.
And within this chat Olama I'm going to pass a series of, uh, parameters.
So you see that within this chat.
Olama.
There are so many different parameters available like name cache, verbose, callback tag, meta.
And they also have got a lot more, uh, of the details over here, but the one that I'm going to be
very much interested in is, first of all, the base URL.
So the base URL is nothing but the the way that you can communicate with the a large language model,
which is nothing but the olama using the API.
If you remember the one that we were talking about in the last section of our course, the same thing
that I'm going to be showing you over here, which is nothing but the HTTP colon localhost of 11434.
So this is the host, and this is the port number that we have to use.
Pretty much what we did in our last section.
And over here I need to specify the model that I'm going to be using.
So the model which I'm going to be using is going to be the 12.5 latest model, the one that I have
got over here.
So if I just do, uh olama, uh, list, you can see that this is the model that I'm going to be using
this time, the 12.5, uh, latest model, uh, over here.
But you can also use the, uh, llama .1.3.2 with a lower version of the uh, billion parameter that
you have got, which is also something that you can do.
I mean, we can use any model that we want, but for now, I'm just going to use this particular model,
and then I'm going to set the temperature for this particular model as 0.5, which is the standard way
of setting the temperature.
And I also set the max token uh, which is going to be max underscore token is equal to probably 250
or something like that as the maximum token that it's going to be emitting for our operation.
So now that we have set up all the different parameters required for the large language model to perform
any operation, and now we are going to see how we can invoke this particular, um, large language
model.
If you remember, in our earlier section, while we were talking about the language introduction, we
talked about there are different ways or different interfaces the language has got which can be used
as a unified way to communicate with the large language model.
The methods are like invoke method, stream method, batch method, and even further method that I was
talking about.
The same thing that we are going to be doing over here.
So we are going to call this invoke method, which can be invoking the large language model just by
using this particular method that you are seeing over here.
So I will tell you what I really mean about that.
So if I want to get any response of this particular model, then I can just say response.
Um, maybe that's the variable that I'm creating.
I'm going to say LM dot and you see that there is this method called as invoke method.
This is going to transform a single input into an output overriding, uh, override to implement these
many operations, as you can see over here.
So I'm just going to call this invoke method.
And over here I'm just going to say hello.
How are you doing today.
Look at that.
This is how I'm going to interact with this large language model.
Pretty much like how I did while I was trying to use the uh oh llama.
And then I was doing the run of the Cuban 2.5 or whatever model that I wanted, and then I was trying
to send.
Hello.
Um, maybe I'm just going to say same question.
Probably.
I'm going to copy this whole thing, paste it over here.
And if I hit enter the the large language model is going to give me a response over here.
The same thing I'm doing over here as well.
So now if I want to print what is the response is going to coming up.
So I'm just going to say print of the response.
And now if I try to run this particular code block using this hit run button there.
Look at that.
That's the same response that you're getting.
Hello I'm doing well.
Thanks for asking.
Blah blah blah.
Uh, until how can I assist you today?
Remember the same thing.
This is this is what is really happening.
That how we can communicate with the large language model using the long chain of the ulama, uh, using
this particular piece of code.
This is quite amazing, right?
This is how we can actually do that.
but there are even more contents really coming up beyond the content of the response.
As you can see, this particular response had got has got something called as additional k w arguments
and response metadata.
It gives me it gives me the response metadata like model is being used as this one.
And it is created at this time.
And the done response is top total duration it took.
And then what is the prompt level prompt eval count and evolve duration.
And there is also something like a role as assistant.
And there is a content as nothing and image is none.
Tool call is none.
And there is an ID usage metadata and how many tokens have been used and how many output tokens are
being used.
This is like input token and output token and total token is 57.
Look at that.
These are so many informations coming up over here.
And every single time when you try to execute this, these are the things which is going to happen for
you behind the scene and see the response has now changed.
I'm a digital entity so I don't have feeling and emotion.
It's not like what it is giving this time.
It's going.
It's giving something else this time.
And the token has changed from 57 to 81.
So every single time you do an execution using this long chains or lama with a large language model,
the responses are going to change.
The output tokens and input tokens are going to change and the metadata will remain same, but still
the usage will keep on changing and also the content is going to keep changing.
So how do you keep track of all these changes and how all these input tokens and output tokens and how
you can and how you can see all these in a better way?
You remember the one that I was talking about, something called as the Lang Smith.
That's what we are going to be using in our next lecture.
I will configure it and I will show you how every single thing that you are seeing over here can be
viewed visually in a graphical user interface, in a much better fashion.